- The most dangerous thing
about the Tesla Cybertruck
is not the pointy edges and corners.
It's not the fact that
it weighs over three tons
and goes from zero to 60 miles an hour
faster than a Corvette.
It's not even the way that reflections
glare off the stainless steel
and can blind people on the highway.
No, the most dangerous
thing about the Cybertruck
is the way it makes other people
around you on the road behave.
(rhythmic music)
(music continues)
Okay, I genuinely can't
tell if the Cybertruck
is good looking or not, and
I'm being completely serious.
Like if you just check the
comment section online,
it's actually mostly negative.
Most people are saying it looks horrible.
It looks like a refrigerator on wheels.
It's a disaster of a design.
But once you start living with this thing,
you drive around with it and
you talk to people about it
who have never heard of it,
they're saying things
like, "This is crazy.
This is like a movie prop.
It's sci-fi, looks something alien."
So there's a lot to it.
Here, first of all, stainless
steel and black plastic.
That's mostly what
you're working with here.
And the front, I think
it has a good angle.
To be honest, I'm a
sucker for a light bar,
but the actual headlights are down here
so they stay outta people's eyes.
In general, it's like a square jawline,
no curves, just angles.
But the back, the back not so much.
You know, it's still
technically a bar, yes,
but it's a little bit
dinker in my opinion.
And also just tons of
black plastic in the back.
Really high tailgate.
I'm getting like, dump
truck vibes from back here.
I don't think I'm the only one.
I just, I don't think the
back is its best angle.
But if I had to narrow it down,
I'm pretty sure the most
iconic profile is the side.
And the two elements of this truck
that really stand out are this
slope, these high shoulders,
and then the pointy
corners on the other side.
See, most pickup trucks have
basically this general shape.
It's the traditional pickup truck look.
And so we're not used to
seeing this angle right here
and this huge slope right here.
It's unusual, it's weird, it's
very visually interesting.
So I've been living with the Cybertruck
for about a month now,
well over 1,500 miles.
And you notice a couple things.
First of all, people, whenever
you go park somewhere,
always wanna come up to
you and talk about it.
Naturally, I've entertained
a lot of these conversations
'cause they're fun.
And they usually say two things.
One, you'd be surprised
how many people have never
heard of the Cybertruck.
I know for us online people,
people watching this video,
you're like, how could
anyone have not heard
of the Tesla Cybertruck?
But you'd be shocked.
And two, most people just want to know,
how much does that thing cost?
And I got asked that so many times,
eventually I just started
having people guess.
And 100% of the people
who guessed were too high.
People were guessing
$250, $300K, $180K, $150K.
They're all way over.
But you know, how could they know?
They don't know what the
rest of the truck is.
They've just seen this thing
they've never seen for the first time.
And so I guess the conclusion is the looks
are really distracting
people from the rest
of what makes the
Cybertruck, the Cybertruck.
Okay, let's play a little game.
I'm going to name a feature
and all you have to do is
think about it for a second
and think about if you believe
it's overrated or underrated.
And then I, someone who's
been driving this truck,
will tell you the real answer.
So first feature, steer by wire.
I've seen a few good pieces cover
what's actually happening here,
talking about the complete
physical disconnect
between the steering wheel you're holding
and the wheels that are
moving under the truck.
Instead, it's a bunch of
sensors reacting to your input
like a video game controller.
But combined with the
variable steering ratio
and the four wheel steering,
this is the most nimble,
agile-feeling truck
that I have ever driven.
And I don't think a lot
of people realize that.
So I'm going underrated.
It's one of those things
where Tesla definitely
didn't have to do this.
Like, they've made their
headlines already with the looks.
It could just be a Model 3 underneath.
But they went through the extra measures
and the extra engineering
to ship a full steer by wire system
and all the redundancies that
come with making it safe.
I believe they're the
first ones to do this.
But the variable steering ratio is really
what gives it all of its utility.
So at low speeds, the ability
to turn really quickly gets dialed up.
It's a much more
responsive-feeling steering wheel.
So if I want to turn right
here, I only have to give it
what, half a turn, a quarter turn,
and I'm fully maneuvering.
The way you can pull into parking spots
and make 90 degree turns and everything
is a total game changer.
But then at highway speeds
it softens that ratio a lot.
So you have a little bit of steering input
to sort of glide left and
right between different lanes.
It's much more subtle.
You kind of need that.
But then on top of that, throw
in the four wheel steering.
So four wheel steering is not new,
lots of vehicles have done it.
But the amount of steer
that you get from these rear
wheels is pretty dramatic
to the point where you
can look in the mirrors
and see those wheels turning.
And this can also be
adjusted with software.
But that really lets this
huge truck basically pivot
around a much smaller axis.
The steering ratio now I think gives it
the same steering circle as a Model S,
but it feels really, really impressive
just because of how big
the actual vehicle is.
It definitely takes some getting used to.
You can't ignore that fact.
But once you get used to it,
you literally feel like when
you go back to like, an F-150
or any other truck where you have
all this hand over hand
steering to do the K turns,
that feels weird, it feels archaic.
It feels like you
shouldn't have to do that.
So again, Tesla definitely
didn't have to do that,
but just the way you can
drive it like a smaller car
and really point the nose,
I don't know, it's definitely underrated.
All right, next feature,
bulletproof stainless steel,
overrated or underrated?
I'm going with, you probably
saw this one coming,
I'm going with overrated.
Now look, first of all I get it.
Obviously having a very durable truck
is super useful of course.
But bulletproof up to
nine millimeter rounds?
(Marques thumping truck)
(sledgehammer thunking)
Yeah, I'm not gonna test that.
But you know, there are some
other YouTubers out there
who totally will.
And apparently it can
literally stop smaller rounds
without being punctured.
But also, the glass
windows aren't bulletproof,
they're more of just
stronger than regular glass.
And then it's regular
wheels, regular tires
that can still get slashed.
So don't go getting any ideas
that this thing is invincible
or anything like that.
But clearly, cold rolled
stainless steel alloy
is going to be much stronger
than the regular outside of the vehicle.
So that's the shopping cart in
the back of the parking lot,
that's fender benders.
Or if someone hits you, you'll be fine.
You'll be fine.
But guess what?
It also means your truck is now made
of an extremely fingerprinting material.
And it also doesn't
have normal door handles
so you just cannot keep it clean
if you use this thing daily.
And then steel just happens to
be really hard to manipulate.
Apparently Tesla had to create
new machines strong enough
to stamp this material together.
There's a reason why there aren't a bunch
of other cars rolling
around looking like this.
So when I say in the Auto Focus review
that low VIN Cybertrucks
will have low VIN production issues,
that's not actually new to Tesla.
They've had to spin up
manufacturing for different types
of vehicles before,
and usually the first few
thousand of them aren't pretty.
But then they learn from those issues
and then one or two years down the road
they're making millions of the thing
and they're much better
quality controlled.
So this particular Cybertruck
is the dual motor all-wheel drive.
This was borrowed from Ridge.
Shout out to Ridge by the way.
I'll leave a link below
if you aren't caught up
on my partnership with them.
But on delivery, this one
had a pretty big panel gap
on the driver's side door.
And you know, I never really
care about panel gaps,
but this one in particular
actually started growing
and getting worse.
It literally looked
like the door was open,
and then it started making
weird noises while closing.
Until one day it actually broke.
So turns out it wasn't a panel gap,
it was actually a manufacturing
issue where the bolts
that hold this latch in place
were actually not torqued tight enough
and they loosened over
time and it fell out.
And so Miles actually had the bright idea
to just gaffe tape the latch
securely back in place.
And now when you close the
door, lines up perfectly.
So Elon Musk addressed this
on Twitter after my video.
Apparently only 15 trucks had this issue,
so lucky me, I guess.
So if you are one of the few,
then you can apparently just take this
to a Tesla service center
and they'll be able to fix it in no time
as long as you get an appointment.
The Cyberbeast that I took
delivery of under my name
has been flawless so far.
But I think the point
I'm trying to make is
these early Cybertrucks, as
with any other early Tesla,
they're going to find,
I guarantee you, more issues like this.
And they'll work on 'em and fix 'em.
But yeah, this Foundation
Series badge right here,
kind of clouted in the Tesla community
'cause it basically means
you got one of the first few.
But it also kind of means
willing beta tester in a way.
So you know, these materials
and this new stamping technique
and all this should
eventually make the vehicles
much easier to produce
en masse, and cheaper.
But that's eventually, eventually.
All right, next feature, truck stuff.
I'm talking about the
theoretical reasons why someone
would logically buy a truck
over any other vehicle
like a van or an SUV or a car.
And that would be for towing,
hauling and off-roading.
And I know it looks like
this truck would be amazing
at all of that stuff, but I'm gonna say
that this one, it's overrated.
It's overrated here,
and I'll tell you why.
Now, don't get me wrong, the
Cybertruck, very capable.
It's much more capable than
any other Tesla, obviously.
I can confirm it handles
winter weather really well.
Like it has heated windshield
wiper and the heated mirrors
and the door can in fact
open in icy weather.
They added a wade mode
that lifts the suspension all the way up
and pressurizes the battery
so that you can drive
through really deep water.
It's insane.
And it also has off-road driving modes
and towing modes right
here in the settings.
There's also only one
wheel and tire option
right now with Cybertruck.
Every single Cybertruck ships
with the same Goodyear Territory
Wrangler RT Tire, whatever.
It's a pretty popular tire
and they ship them on, you
know, Jeep Grand Cherokees
and F-150s all the time.
And it's reinforced
and it's capable of
some light off-roading.
But I think if we're being honest,
most people will be driving
this thing mostly on the street,
like a glorified SUV.
So here's a number to think about, 63.
63% is the percent of truck
drivers who admit to rarely
or never towing anything at all.
And that's just the ones that admit it.
Like, look at this chart.
This is from a survey of F-150 owners,
so the most popular truck in the country.
People are almost never actually
towing with these things.
So before we leave a comment
that this thing sucks for
towing, yeah, they know, we know.
Everyone buying it kind
of should already know.
If you're buying a truck
specifically for towing,
then you have a short list
of trucks you're considering
and none of them are electric.
But I think my main
realization with this thing
is there are millions of preorders
for this thing right now.
Because it's Tesla, it's
going to be very popular.
This is gonna be a lot
of people's first truck
and it will come with all of
the first truck realizations.
Like to a lot of people,
the Cybertruck looks absolutely huge,
but it's actually smaller than an F-150.
And these people, when they get the truck,
they'll think they're invincible
and they can drive off road
and just go wherever they want
without even thinking about
strategically going certain routes
or airing down the tires
that literally come at
50 PSI from the factory.
They're gonna start
getting stuck in all sorts
of embarrassing situations, which means
of course then there will
be countless articles
written about them
because of course no other truck has ever
been stuck in the snow before.
And it's just, sorry,
I'm definitely getting ahead of myself.
But look, we will be using a Cybertruck
at our video production studio
for a lot of the same reasons
that we've used an R1T.
It's got a tow hitch, it's
spacious, it hauls a lot of gear,
it's quick, it's quiet, it's great.
But I think the point
I'm trying to make is
most of the millions of
people who will end up
with these Cybertrucks eventually
are going to use them on the street
just like a glorified SUV
just 'cause they think
this one looks cool.
And that's fine.
All right, next category, performance.
Overrated or underrated?
Well, you might have
seen this little video
that Tesla did on their YouTube channel
racing the Cybertruck
against a Porsche 911
while towing a 911 and beating that 911.
And that, that was a very clever video.
It's an ad, of course,
but it also takes advantage of the fact
that EVs all have this commoditization
of this enormous straight
line performance,
great acceleration.
Anyone can get it.
But you know, I'd normally
never compare a pickup truck
to a sports car, right?
But well, we're here.
(energetic music)
(music continues)
(car revving)
(truck humming)
(race signal beeping)
(car roaring)
(music continues)
So like most drag races,
this one was just for fun.
But while we have some
time at this drag strip,
we did a bunch of these, we
did back to back to back races.
And it shed a lot of
light on Tesla's video
and on the Cybertruck in general.
So first of all, EVs are quick, right?
We've known this for years.
Ludicrous mode, Plaid mode, Beast mode.
This is not new information.
But cars with gears can be faster.
So there's a difference
between quick and fast.
So when you go to a real drag
strip with timing equipment
and all that stuff, you
get one of these after.
This is a time slip.
Breaks down in both lanes,
not just the end of the 1/4 mile
but multiple points along the race.
And so I've expanded it here.
So this was the triple
motor Cybertruck's best run,
one of the first runs.
It runs a 10.9 second 1/4 mile,
which if you don't know,
is absolutely ridiculous.
There are bonafide sports cars
that don't run in the 10s.
And for a 7,000 pound pickup truck
to do it on all terrain tires
is just kind of hilarious.
But when you actually
look at and break down
each of these times,
this shows the difference
between quick and fast.
So first of all, off the launch,
just from zero miles an hour,
the Cyberbeast with its triple motors
and with its 1000 hertz traction control
managing slip at the rear
wheels basically in real time
is able to explode off the line
through the first 60 feet of the race
faster than the 911 Turbo S,
one of the fastest-launching
cars ever made.
Now from there, it holds that lead,
continues putting down all of this power
all the way out to 330 feet.
So you can see that at 330 feet,
4.4 versus 4.5, it's still out ahead.
But by the time you get to 660 feet,
which is roughly halfway through the race,
that's when the 911
has changed gears twice
and continues to pull.
And this is when it shifts
and passes the truck around
halfway through the race.
Physics just takes over,
and the lighter car with many
more gears continues to shift.
It passes the truck.
Crazy enough, the Cybertruck hits
its 114 mile an hour
electronically limited top speed,
probably 'cause of the tires,
well before the end of the 1/4 mile,
while my child, I mean the car,
continues to pull into the 140s.
No, it's not stock.
Now Tesla made this video
that I've talked about,
and they wanted to showcase the Cyberbeast
against a Porsche 911.
And they know all of this
so they had to get clever, I'll say.
So if you haven't seen
it, I'll link it below.
Their video shows the Cybertruck
pulling up to the line.
It's racing a Porsche 911.
It beats the 911 in a drag race
and then it's revealed
that it was towing a 911 the whole time.
So they're saying you can
beat one while towing one.
And then it flashes the 1/4 mile time
on the screen, 11 seconds.
So first of all, there's
about 50 different models
and variations of the Porsche 911.
So just based on what we saw
and from the performance in
the video, I'm gonna guess
that they went with the cheapest
and slowest possible 911.
So that would be the 911 Carrera T.
It's a manual transmission.
It does zero to 60 in around 4.3 seconds.
So now the Cybertruck with
its 2.6 second zero to 60
has a massive advantage.
And so they're able to handicap it
by having it tow the
911, like 3,000 pounds.
Okay, so then they run the race.
And if you watch the
video, they run it out
to this yellow mark right here.
Which it turns out
is actually the halfway
point of the drag strip.
So shout out to Engineering Explained
for doing the math on this one.
I'll leave the video below.
But it turns out the Carrera
T, thanks to its gearbox,
is still eventually
faster than a Cybertruck,
especially if it's towing 3,000 pounds,
but it's really an 1/8 mile race
that they're showcasing here,
and then they quote the
1/4 mile time at the end
as if they ran a 1/4 mile race.
But as we've learned today, quick, fast.
People will point out that difference
but I'll let it slide.
It's just a drag race, it's fun,
it's not that huge of a deal.
But I will say, if you can,
from stoplight to
stoplight be just as quick
as basically any other car
in a 7,000 pound truck,
that's incredible, that's
hilarious, that's really fun.
But hopefully, at least now
you understand why I'm saying
performance is a bit overrated.
It's more of a one trick
pony in a straight line.
Now that one trick is very fun
and very appealing to certain people.
There are people every day
who pick the F-150 Raptor
over the F-150 for stuff like this.
But you know, then you get to
a turn and it's a truck again.
But also one more thing
I just wanna highlight,
again, in our best run
we got 10.995 seconds
in the Cybertruck.
Is this the fastest?
Is this the world record
for fastest Cybertruck 1/4 mile?
I haven't seen any faster,
so lemme know if you do.
But shout out to Miles, the driver mod.
I think we might have a world record here.
All right, the 800 volt architecture
and the 48 volt low voltage system,
both new to the Cybertruck.
I'm going underrated, if only
for the fun fact that this,
this is technically the lightest
fully electric pickup truck
in the world.
Which is not the highest bar to clear.
But yes, thanks to the lesser wire weight,
it is lighter than the Hummer EV.
It's also lighter than
the F-150 Lightning.
And it is lighter than the
dramatically smaller Rivian R1T.
So that's an accomplishment.
I was also hoping it would charge like,
just as fast or faster than other Teslas.
But it seems right in line, you know,
250 kilowatts out of V3 Superchargers
for about the first 1/3 of the curve.
You know, it looks like less
as far as miles per hour
that you're adding to the battery,
but that's including driving efficiency.
Which is, thanks to the
aerodynamics of a refrigerator,
not great.
Now I also wanna give a shout out
specifically to the suspension,
just the suspension on the Cybertruck,
which I think is underrated.
First of all, there's
a huge amount of travel
between the lowest and firmest
and the highest and softest settings.
And no one's gonna say this
thing drives like a sports car,
but it is pretty impressively low and firm
in its lowest setting,
and it's very high,
and it can move between those low
and high settings really quickly.
And I was also very impressed
by how little roll and yaw there was.
Typically a big truck, you hit accelerate
and the nose comes up a lot.
This one goes up a little.
Not bad.
But then also we gotta talk
about, just for a second,
Tesla's minimalism.
Because it's kind of a staple
of Teslas at this point,
especially with the Cybertruck
here with the design.
But also on the inside and with materials
and the choices they make.
I think a lot of us would agree
that a physical button in a lot of ways
is better than a digital button.
I don't think that's a hot take.
But one of the reasons
Tesla's been so successful business wise
over the past couple years
in such a competitive market
is because they've figured out a way
to make a profit on every vehicle,
and they minimize all of the extra pieces,
all of the moving parts.
And they've gotten rid
of a lot of buttons.
Actually, they've gotten rid of basically
every button in the Cybertruck.
But because of Tesla's success,
I feel like auto manufacturers
have started to copy
a lot of what Tesla does,
to the detriment of
some of their vehicles.
I would've liked to have
seen in the Cybertruck,
this big special vehicle,
maybe a cool key fob
that has access to a button
to open the front trunk,
or maybe real climate control buttons.
Or maybe, we all know they
should have done a mirror
that's actually a screen
so you can see out the back of the truck
without looking down at the screen.
But they didn't do that.
So I'm saying Tesla's minimalism,
kind of overrated here.
But I also do need you to know
that despite all the other
interesting technical stuff
that I've talked about in this video,
this is still a Tesla under the hood,
and all of the things
that we love about that
and all the other stuff
that comes with it.
That means it works
with Tesla Superchargers
all over the country.
That also means it has a super heavy
123 kilowatt-hour battery in the floor.
It means that the quiet
interior of the vehicle
makes the speaker system sound way better
than it probably should.
And it also means a bunch of things
are missing about these early
trucks as they deliver them.
The super heavy additional
range extender battery
in the back isn't shipping yet,
and nobody knows when it will.
The screen also has no
CarPlay or Android Auto,
but the software is really
good and super fast.
But there's also no Autopilot right now,
even if you paid for it.
No light bar right now,
No aero caps right now,
and you did pay for those.
The locking differential at
the rear axle doesn't work
in the dual motor version
of this truck yet.
And there's only one
tire option, for a truck!
All of these are
decisions that Tesla makes
knowing the priorities
of the probable buyers,
the millions of pre-orders
of the Cybertruck.
They know what people are
probably going to do with these.
They know what people think
they're going to do with these.
And they know what people want
when they buy one of these things.
It's a Tesla under the hood.
So I was driving to the
studio the other day,
and on my way there I'm
coming up over this hill,
and on the other side of the hill
is this biker across the street.
And as I came over the hill, he looked up
and he saw the truck
for about two seconds.
And then he reached out
and he just did this
as he biked past me.
But later that same night,
I was on my way home from practice
around the bridge somewhere
in New York City at night.
And slowing down in traffic,
this car pulls up next to
me, kind of in front of me
and all four of the windows roll down
and these super happy faces all stick out
and just like, give me thumbs up
and they're grinning the entire time.
And I'd say that's about the ratio of joy
to absolute disgust
that you bring into the world
driving the Cybertruck around,
it's probably like 80-20.
So what's the verdict with
the Cybertruck, right?
I think there's a lot going
on between those four corners,
a lot of interesting choices
and materials and technologies
and steer by wire and 800 volt
systems and all this stuff.
But a lot of it frankly is
overshadowed by the design again.
So we keep coming back to the design.
And I feel like we can use
that word again, iconic.
I would say as a product person,
I do think this is
already an iconic design.
Now, that comes with a lot of baggage.
I feel like when you say that word,
it's kind of like joining the rare air
of like, the bedroom poster
of some on some kid's wall.
It's like the Lamborghini
Countach or the Bugatti Veyron
or something like a Tesla Cybertruck.
But the thing about those iconic cars
is they're also almost always rare.
And that's the thing, it's like
if you saw a Bugatti Veyron
on the street, that's probably
the only Bugatti Veyron
you're gonna see on the
street for a long time.
There's not that many
Lamborghini Countaches
out on the world.
Now the Cybertruck today is super rare.
And there's all these
articles about, you know,
celebrities driving them around.
And when you see one, it's an event.
That's why people are
reacting the way they are.
It's probably because it's the first time
they're ever seeing one.
But the Cybertruck is
slotted to be mass produced.
So I feel like this actually
has to wear off after a while.
Like obviously it hits different
seeing your 10th or 50th
or 100th Cybertruck of the day, right?
So how does that match up?
I think there's like, two
million plus pre-orders
of the Cybertruck, and more coming.
There were only ever
about 2000 Lamborghini
Countaches ever made.
There was less than 500
Bugatti Veyrons ever made.
So it's kinda hard to
find a comp for a vehicle
that starts off its life as iconic,
but then is mass produced.
And there was this really
interesting comment
on the Auto Focus video
I made about this truck
on owning the PT Cruiser
when it first came out.
And I wasn't really old
enough to remember this,
so I'm purely taking their word for it,
but it apparently it was
a crazy enough design
that it got a lot of attention
when it first started being made.
You know, it's a weird shape,
had some odd material choices
and all that.
But eventually Chrysler made
over a million PT cruisers.
But now we know exactly
how cool the PT Cruiser is.
You know, it gets humanized more and more
the more you see them on the road.
You see them get in accidents
and have to maneuver through traffic,
and they're just regular
people and regular cars,
and they're everywhere.
And I guess the question
is, is that the arc
for the Tesla Cybertruck?
Like, we don't know.
But it has to go from being
this crazy unobtainium
that it is right now, to being something.
Only time will tell.
Thanks for watching.
Catch you guys in the next one.
Peace.
(rhythmic music)